#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.4
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.11
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.7.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   langchain
attrs==24.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
azure-ai-documentintelligence==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-common==1.1.28
    # via azure-search-documents
azure-core==1.32.0
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
azure-identity==1.19.0
    # via -r requirements.in
azure-search-documents==11.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
cachetools==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   streamlit
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
exceptiongroup==1.2.2
    # via anyio
fastapi==0.115.6
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.5.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gitdb==4.0.11
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.43
    # via streamlit
greenlet==3.1.1
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.7
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.27.2
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
isodate==0.7.2
    # via
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-search-documents
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pydeck
jiter==0.6.1
    # via openai
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.13
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.28
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.2.14
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.4
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.2.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.23.2
    # via dataclasses-json
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
msal==1.31.1
    # via
    #   azure-identity
    #   msal-extensions
msal-extensions==1.2.0
    # via azure-identity
multidict==6.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via typing-inspect
narwhals==1.21.1
    # via altair
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   pydeck
    #   streamlit
openai==1.58.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
orjson==3.10.12
    # via langsmith
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   langchain-core
    #   marshmallow
    #   streamlit
pandas==2.2.3
    # via streamlit
pillow==11.0.0
    # via streamlit
portalocker==2.10.1
    # via msal-extensions
propcache==0.2.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==5.29.2
    # via streamlit
pyarrow==18.1.0
    # via streamlit
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.10.4
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.27.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.7.0
    # via langchain-community
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.18.0
    # via rich
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   msal
    #   pyjwt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
pytz==2024.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==308
    # via portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
referencing==0.35.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   msal
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   streamlit
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rich==13.9.4
    # via streamlit
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   azure-core
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.1
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.36
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.41.3
    # via fastapi
streamlit==1.41.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tenacity==9.0.0
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   streamlit
tiktoken==0.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
tornado==6.4.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   azure-ai-documentintelligence
    #   azure-core
    #   azure-identity
    #   azure-search-documents
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   multidict
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   typing-inspect
    #   uvicorn
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
tzdata==2024.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.34.0
    # via -r requirements.in
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via streamlit
watchfiles==1.0.3
    # via uvicorn
websockets==14.1
    # via uvicorn
yarl==1.18.3
    # via aiohttp
